[#52551] 13.3 Documentation: Update SharePoint/OneDrive documentation… (#14762)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/projects/project-settings/file-storages/README.md

Here you can choose which kind of OneDrive/SharePoint project folder will be the default folder for file uploads for this project when using SharePoint integration.

![Select OneDrive/SharePoint folder type in OpenProject](onedrive-storage-add-folders-new.png)

1. **No specific folder**: By default, each user will start at the drive root when they upload a file or select files for linking.

> 2. **New folder with automatically managed permissions**: This will automatically create a folder for this project and manage the access permissions for each project member. Each project member will automatically get read, write and share access permissions (according to defined [File storages permissions](../../../../system-admin-guide/users-permissions/roles-permissions/#permissions) in the project) to this folder. IS THIS TRUE FOR SHAREPOINT? This option will only be available if the system administrator has [set up the storage with automatically managed folders](../../../../system-admin-guide/integrations/onedrive/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **New folder with automatically managed permissions**: This will automatically create a folder for this project and manage the access permissions for each project member. Each project member will automatically have access to this folder according to the user permissions defined in [File storages permissions](../../../../system-admin-guide/users-permissions/roles-permissions/#permissions). This option will only be available if the system administrator has [set up the storage with automatically managed folders](../../../../system-admin-guide/integrations/onedrive/).
```
